[Entry] General: Github (#725)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/github/github.md

---

> Title: 'Github'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'GitHub'
```

Let's change all instances of "Github" to "GitHub"

> Description: 'Github is a UI based version control that uses git.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Github is a UI-based version control that uses Git.'
```

Unless we're referring to a specific command, let's change all instances of "git" to "Git".

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'GitHub'
  - 'Git'
CatalogContent:

>   - "learn-git"
>   - "paths/learn-how-to-build-websites"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'learn-git'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer'
```

Single-quotes for meta-data and let's go with `paths/front-end-engineer` since it has a specific section about Git and GitHub.

Author: @Dusch4593 I think we should keep it as paths/learn-how-to-build-websites since a larger % of the path is on github

---

> ## Github
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I don't think this header is necessary since it will already be displayed via the meta-`Title`.

> Github is a UI-based version control that runs on [git](Not sure to link to the genral entry or the git website). Github offers many services mainly version control but also hosting for a static website, contributing to OSS (Open sourced) projects, and many more.

Reviewer: > [git](Not sure to link to the genral entry or the git website)

Let's link to the Docs topic entry for it: https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git

```suggestion
GitHub is a UI-based version control platform that runs on [Git](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git). It offers many services including version control,  static website hosting, open-source software ([OSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/open-source)) projects, and much more.
```

---
Title: 'GitHub'

> Description: 'Github is a UI-based version control that uses Git.'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Description: 'Github is a UI-based version control platform that uses Git.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Code Foundations'
Tags:
  - 'GitHub'
  - 'Git'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-git'
  - 'paths/learn-how-to-build-websites'
---

GitHub (GH) is a UI-based version control platform that runs on [Git](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/git). It offers many services including version control,  static website hosting, open-source software ([OSS](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/general/open-source)) projects, and much more.

> ## Github Pages (GH Pages)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Github Pages
```

I generally suggest against expanding/collapsing abbreviations in the headers. That should be done in the text.

> Github pages is a service GH offers that will host static websites for free with an unlimited amount of vists. It automaticly has encryption with HTTPS. GH pages also supports cutsom domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) is a service offered by GH for hosting static websites for free with an unlimited amount of visits. It automatically has encryption with HTTPS. GitHub Pages also supports custom domains.
```

Since not mentioned that many times in the entry, let's just go with the expanded "GitHub Pages" instead of the abbreviation "GH Pages".
